NMS-16028: Added doc entry and additional test (#6662)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/quick-start/inventory.adoc

These settings are automatically optimized into `snmp-config.xml`.
For an example of the resulting XML configuration, see <<deep-dive/provisioning/xml-samples.adoc#SNMP-community-xml, Configure SNMP community names>> in the Deep Dive section.

> NOTE: It is possible to use meta-data expressions in the fields Security Name, Read Community, Write Community, Auth Passphrase and Privacy Passphrase to reference credentials stored in the Secure Credentials Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: It is possible to use metadata expressions in the fields Security Name, Read Community, Write Community, Auth Passphrase, and Privacy Passphrase to reference credentials stored in the Secure Credentials Vault.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: we should also mention this only works with global metadata not with any node, interface etc.

Author: done.
